If I win, it means our dream is over.
No, wait. Stop. I don't want to. Not like this.
You ready, Rin? This is a one-shot match.
Why? Brother!
Rin, I've been away for four years.
And all that time, have you learned nothing?
How are things going on your end, ego?
I'm grateful to you, you know.
All it took was I, Itoshi, showing an interest in Blue Rock,
and the media lost their minds.
Tickets sold out almost instantly.
Big match, big money.
That's the kind of math I can get behind.
And hey, it should help pay off your deficit.
Does your rambling have a point?
Listen, are you serious about this?
However good they might be,
do you really think a mishmash of strikers can beat Japan's U-20s?
We're talking about elite players at the top of their game here.
Like I told you before, we're transforming Japanese soccer.
You see, that's why Blue Rock exists.
My diamond's in the rough.
300 high school strikers entered our grueling selection process.
Now only 35 of you remain in the fight to become the world's number one egoist.
Who will it be?
The best of the best.
The match is in three weeks.
You'll be taking on Japan's U-20s,
captained by Sai Itoshi.
Win this and you win the right to represent Japan.
But if you lose, it's the end of Blue Rock.
Until a few months ago, I was a complete unknown,
a no-name-nobody.
Then I was chosen to come to Blue Rock,
where I learned about ego and went through hell in the process.
If we win this match,
my dream to represent Japan might come true.
But if we lose,
my soccer career will go up in smoke along with Blue Rock.
This is it.
One game.
I've learned it could change my life.
Hey, Mastermind,
I get that this is our big chance and all,
but how are we gonna make up a team?
We got 35 freaking forwards!
I guess maybe move some of us to midfield
and then assign the others to play defense?
That's the idea.
A makeshift team of forwards are only and best option.
Oh, no way! We'll have no chance!
We're gonna be going up against actual defenders!
It will be difficult,
but I love a challenge.
Oh, please!
This isn't about whether you like it or not!
Cut the chatter!
The players I am about to call will make up the core of the team.
Six in total.
Blue Rock's top strikers based on comprehensive evaluation.
If your name is called, step forward.
First,
Rin Itoshi.
Mean.
I knew he'd be number one.
Next up, number two,
Ryusei Shita.
And boom!
It's me.
Didn't know he was that good.
Well, well,
would you look at that.
So we're numbers one and two.
Nice.
Should be fun, don't you think?
Four names left.
Number three,
Tabito Karasubo.
Hold your applause, losers.
Number four,
Eita Otokya.
Hey, what's up?
Number five,
Kenyu Yukimiya.
Thanks.
It's an honor.
One more name.
I want it to be mine.
I want to be at the core of Ego's group.
The Blue Rock Eleven.
Finally, number six,
Sishiro Nagi.
Me?
That is all.
Um, if I may,
why did you rank me fifth?
What separates me from first?
That's easy to explain.
There are 35 of you,
and only two managed to score against
the world five.
Ryu Itoshi and Ryusei Shita.
The rest was based on total goals
in the first selection, as well as
evaluations by the world five.
And of course, subjective inclination.
That good enough,
Mr. Lowkey model.
It is.
His fifth auntie's a model?
Pretty annoying, huh?
And so,
the next selection begins now.
First, the top six will be
divided into three teams by ranking.
The remaining 29 players
must then decide
which pair they wish to team up with.
You will make teams of five
by adding three players to the top
six duos.
Then the fun begins.
The top six will play one five-a-side match.
I get it.
He's trying to find players who can mesh
with the attacking styles of the core team members.
The top six will play multiple times,
but for most of those remaining,
this is a one-shot deal.
You see,
these tryouts will determine who plays
Japan's Yuu 20 team.
So don't screw it up.
One match to show your glam
enough to keep around.
Man, this feels pro level.
Alright, bring it on!
Now, because of the headcount,
one of you will get to play
two games.
Logically, that honor will go to number seven
for run-along.
Megadu Bachyura,
you will fill that role.
Aye, aye, ego sir.
Damn,
we've been playing together up till now.
Yet all of them are better than me?
My top six players,
proceed into the next room.
These rankings only reflect
everyone's current standing.
That's including the top six.
If their performance during tryouts declines,
rest assured their rank will reflect it.
Now then,
I have a message for you remaining 29.
This is how you waste the tryouts.
Assertion and co-op.
The top six already possess powerful
individual skills of scoring prowess.
You will assert your worth to them
and prove your irreplaceable by co-existing.
Oh, and one last thing.
You must subjugate them!
Remember this, diamonds.
The top six are teammates
you're playing alongside.
They're stepping stones to make
yourself stand out.
I have to prove that
I'm not just a player.
I have to pick which allies I want.
Who's going to get me where I want to be?
Go and choose.
Select the optimal teammates
who can determine your destiny.
Ikaguri! Bra!
You seriously took every single dish they offer?
This is all you can eat for free just for tonight?
I gotta take your families.
Don't underestimate my earthly desires.
Let me have one of your earthly desires.
Those are mine!
Go get your own!
Earthly desires combo meal.
You could at least use chopsticks.
Come on, take these.
Just eat like normal people!
Kinda shame.
The original Team Z didn't get a reunion.
Well, a full one anyway.
Yeah.
Bums me out that Naruhaya isn't here.
Also, we're missing Kuon the Traitor,
Imamura the Womanizer,
plus the aim on the goalkeeper.
And him.
Kunigami.
To be honest,
it never crossed my mind he would end up getting eliminated.
He was really good.
Shido's the one who kicked him out.
But that's not the end of it.
Well, that's true.
Besides, if we lose to the U20s,
this will all disappear.
That's the only thing we should be worried about.
Nothing else.
Yeah, right?
On that note, any of you decided which pair you're teaming up with yet?
Obviously, I'm gonna go with Team A.
I've played with Shido before, so it makes sense.
I'm leaning towards Team B or C.
Can't explain why, just a hard one.
I'm gonna go with Team A.
I'm leaning towards Team B or C.
Can't explain why, just a hard one.
I'll pick using ladder lottery.
Plus, I'm the only one who gets to play two matches anyway.
Yeah, I forgot.
Out of everyone who's left from Team Z, you're the most successful.
Man, that really pisses me off.
That's because I'm an egoist.
Who's your pick?
I haven't decided yet.
How about you?
Well, it's between...
Group A or C, right?
You wanna team up with Rin or Nagi?
Yeah, that's right.
How did you guess?
If you're looking for a chemical reaction with your weapon,
Team C will let you do combination plays with Nagi.
On the other hand,
if you wanna gamble on unknown potential you haven't unlocked yet,
it's Team A with Rin.
Or am I wrong?
You're not.
Assertion and coexistence.
So, the question is...
Which team is the right choice?
Wait...
I'm the only one who's surprised?
The name's Kenyu Yukimiya.
A pleasure.
Seishirō Nagi.
Same, Mr. Four Eyes.
Kind of exciting.
Waiting to find out who's going to team up with us?
Yo, Reimu.
We should get along, Number One.
Don't ignore me.
We're teammates.
Hey, man. You like explosions?
What, like your hair?
I don't have time for small talk.
Now, there's an image.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
You think we should stop them?
No way.
They take each other out. I'm in first.
Oh, man. He also likes taking headshots.
Bastard.
Don't ever interfere with my gameplay or I swear I'll kill you.
Unlike you, I didn't come here looking to play soccer.
What I have is a biological need.
Stop!
Enough of that.
Don't be so cringe.
You're the creme de la creme of Blue Lock, so to speak.
Each pairing represents the best strike partnerships I can think of to play in an experimental super-attacking style.
I want to see offensive patterns you can't create on your own.
Think of each other as a means of sharpening your weapon and becoming the best in the world.
I can't stress this enough.
And I can't stress this enough.
Don't let anyone rank below the top six steal your spotlight.
All of you stand at the pinnacle of Blue Lock.
The soccer you're creating is a sword.
An executioner's blade that will end the traditional Japanese approach for good.
The executioner's blade that will end the traditional Japanese approach for good.
for good.
I want Blue Lutz top egoists to challenge themselves.
Not sure what these tryouts are even testing.
I probably need to break it down.
By coexistence, does he mean our chemical reactions with the top six?
There's also assertion.
Like, maybe I shouldn't get overshadowed by them.
That could be it.
I've gotta figure out the point of the assignment and show results in just one game.
Selection is going to be next to impossible.
Why can't we hear you?
Get a straight answer around here!
Would you shut up?
Stop doubting yourself.
It's so lame.
Have you decided, Bato?
Anywhere but Team C with Mr. Hassle.
Playing alongside a familiar face won't help me to grow.
Wherever I do end up, I just need to rank myself the king like always.
Pretty simple stuff.
Damn, I should have known.
That's 100% you.
Who else would I be?
Anyway, why didn't you land in the top six?
Huh?
It pisses me off.
Out of everyone here, you're the guy I wanted to defeat the most.
So try not to get yourself buried by this place.
Got it, Donkey?
Yeah.
Sorry.
Isagi, buddy, I'm going to borrow your acne face wash.
Oh, Nico.
So it looks like you're having a little trouble picking out a team.
Yeah, kinda.
Ego's trying to fan our competitive fire like usual.
But at the end of the day,
I think we're being tested on whether we can gel with the top six.
Gel with them, huh?
Have you decided?
My choice is whoever allows me to stick to playing my own style.
I'm tired of always being cast as the foil.
No one's going to give you the lead role.
You taught me you have to steal it.
Maybe that's the answer.
A team where I can be the lead.
Now that I've said my piece,
do you mind getting out already?
I'm washing my forehead.
I don't want you watching.
Leave.
Sorry, I was done anyway.
Why would that embarrass him?
It won't be easy showing my worth on a team with Rin on it.
There's a possibility I'll get buried without being able to prove anything.
Which means the person I should team up with is…
It's not an easy choice, is it?
Neo.
I'm in the same boat as you.
Figured you would've instantly picked Nagi's group.
That's Rich coming from the guy who drove us apart in the first place.
My bad.
He was the original plan,
but these days I'm not so sure.
Why is that?
Really?
I mean, he chose you over me during the second selection.
My desire to get back at him brought me this far.
Sure.
But watching him make his way into the top six
and comparing our current levels of play…
It feels like he keeps moving further ahead out of my reach.
I don't have the confidence to play alongside him now.
If I pass up this opportunity, I might not get a second chance.
If I show I'm weaker than him though,
something tells me he's going to slip away entirely.
The truth is I don't know what to do.
I'm the same, Rio.
You know here, right?
If we don't play together now,
there's a chance he'll go to a place where I can never reach him.
And that is one regret that I don't want to have.
Alright. Thanks a lot.
Because of our talk, I've decided.
You know, I bet it's not actually about what the right answer is.
What matters is having the resolve to turn your decision into the right answer.
I'll do it.
I'm going to prove the path I've chosen wasn't a mistake,
and that I'm right.
The selection deadline has closed.
The last assignment will begin shortly.
After changing into your kits, report to the hall immediately.
The results have been tallied.
We will now present the team divisions.
So it begins.
My final assignment before the match against Japan's U20s.
The tryouts to determine who will be on the Blue Lock 11.
The team I chose was...
And the person I want to be standing alongside most is you, Rin.
Bachira wants to be on Team A.
The same as me.
Baro, Raichi, Niko, and Chiguri.
What a lineup.
Zantetsu and Kagamaru are in Nagi's group?
But Ayo's in C, too.
So despite your doubts, you still chose to play alongside him.
Be irreplaceable.
The key to acing the tryouts is assertion and coexistence.
I have to make a case for myself.
And show them that my presence here can get us wins.
And after this battle's done, it's on to Japan's U20s.
Well, Hoi-chan.
I hope everything is crystal clear.
Yes, sir.
Anything for the sake of Japanese soccer.
Crush them!
Yes!
Demolish those fools!
A bunch of unhinged, nobody's thinking they can rep Japanese soccer!
Please don't worry, sir.
We're dealing with idealists here.
The notion that Japan's U20s could be anyone but who we say is pure insanity.
Right. There's our little J.F.U. loyalist, deaf to all except us, Hoi-Chi the Earless.
You know I'm sensitive about the moniker the Internet's given me.
You've heard everything. I'll be counting on you, Captain.
Yeah, sure. I accept your offer.
Let's go, Blue Lock.
We'll win!
And I'll prove what I already know.
I'm going to be the number one striker in the world.
The best!
Blue Lock
Blue Lock. Additional time.
Start preparing for the tryouts by top six.
Uh, wait.
We're divided into triple rooms?
Looks like we gotta decide on groups.
Who's first?
I'm taking one room for myself.
You five can share the other.
What the hell?
No way. Not happening.
We just need to split into two groups.
How about Team Rock and Team Paper?
Yeah, no. There's nothing exciting about that.
How about Rock, Paper, Scissors? Loser sleeps outside.
Now that I like.
It's ego, Rock, Paper, Scissors.
Huh? You turned it into a hassle.
Hell yeah, man! Let's do this!
Yo.
I'm gonna make you sleep in the hallway.
Hello?
Rock, Paper, Scissors!
Show me now.
How about we do this?
Everyone points to the person they least want to be around.
Afterwards, we divvy up rooms based on results. Cool?
Sure. That works.
Okay. Ready?
Then I choose...
Meaning I get a room all to myself.
Uh, no. Scratch that. Let's change that rule.
Look, I've got no problem sharing a room with this guy.
And Nagi, we should talk strategy.
So why don't you join us?
Oh. Guess that's fine.
I don't want this to become a bigger hassle.
Okay, I'll bunk with you.
You too, monster.
Whatever.
Looks like we're rooming together, Spikehead.
Go look in a mirror.
Guys, look. I've got spikes too.